hahuh hahuh
That's it. ahh
ahh.... cost
I like their, then lovak
current means people can get through the storyline faster and get to later regions.
if they need the character materials from there but it's still like
It kind of feels like it ruins the quality of the story because you will take less time going through the story.
Yeah. Like it was already about grinding before like once you finish all the story
but, yeah
Like the whole reason people would need to get to the late regions that fast is just...
yeah
mm?
Cuz you know how some events will have it where, okay, you need to complete this quest and be at this level.
Maybe they could just do it like that for the banners. Or maybe they could do it like...
None of the characters are limited, everyone is just like there's just a giant pool
And pretty king high schools so
No, but like you couldn't spend the money anyways, just ended up making him wait.
ahw..
They've work to sake catch him
I mean, do you remember the one, like, seven month, the, like...
Two months touching banner when Meholy was having problems, so they had to move to Hoyoverse.
I think it was like late 2021 or 2022.
or they have or they were having like legal difficulties
So they had to just run and catch you for sound. We were trying to get the stuff together.
Ahh?
I might have been mistaken. It might have been Ayaka.
like that one long banner, pick
yeah. Cuz they just had 102 days. Are you use 10 months?
It was actually, I don't remember being 10 months though.
I mean, my mom actually lasted like a long time.
No. There was one where, like, it just straight up blocked it over the little pot. I think it was catchy.
I think it was like COVID related legal difficulties or something. I couldn't even go outside or something. I don't know. I'm not sure.
You know, either, let's talk about a different video game. How do you feel about StarRail?
huh?
You just buy mash
ahw..
mhm
I need a spidermash for that.
No, cuz, my usually I main cooked out, right
So like, a sad this
My combos are like alright, so, Xingqiu normal.
Xingqiu he, Xingqiu skill, ah Xingqiu wears were
Jump to, who was my other? Diona? Yeah, I have Diona.
for her shield and then Kaeya to ack to make the freeze last longer
and switch off from though. I used to superneeded.
I still need to do N1CD.
Yeah. I'm singing all the way. Cuz, I tend, I thhink
Before I quit, I told yova, so I was doing double hydel guitar
but then I quit so I don't remember that one as well.
Wait, who?
ahw
mhm
No, I'm gonna be honest. Every time I went on Twitter for a while, I would see people, uh...
like just crying over bullying ChiChi and I never pulled her.
I still, I never pulled her like***